1. Login/Logout using hook
2. currency convertor
3. Javascript code challange

Akshay -100%  Excelent job
Aman - 80%  Excelent job
Anitha absent -0
Anitha Sri - 100%  Excelent job
ankur 100%  Excelent job
aruna - 90%  Excelent job
ashutosh -90%  Excelent job
bhargav -100%  Excelent job
birender - 100%  Excelent job
chandra -0 
Dhanya -100% Excelent job
divya -100% Excelent job
Ganesh - 90% Excelent job
Meghna - 80% Excelent job
Mohna - 80% Excelent job
Namrata - 0 absent
Ninad - 0 absent
Prabhu - 50% Excelent job
Priya - 0 absent
Saranya - 0 absent
Saurabh - 90% Excelent job
shailesh - 90% Excelent job
shikha -  100% Excelent job
shweta - 0 absent
sonali - -100% Excelent job
sumit - 80 absent
sunil - 90% Excelent job
sushil -0 absent
swayam -70% Excelent job
vaibhav -90% Excelent job
vaishali -0 absent
vidya --80% Excelent job
vijay --0 absent
vindodini -80% Excelent job

