Akshay -100%  Excelent job
Anitha absent -0
Aman 100%  Excelent job
Anitha Sri - 100%  Excelent job
ankur 100%  Excelent job
aruna - 100%  Excelent job
ashutosh -100%  Excelent job
bhargav -90%
birender - 100%  Excelent job
chandra -0 
Dhanya -100% Excelent job
divya -100% Excelent job
Ganesh - -100% Excelent job
Meghna - -100% Excelent job
Mohna - -100% Excelent job
Namrata - 0 absent
Ninad - 0 absent
Prabhu - 0 git issue
Priya - -pending
Saranya - -100% Excelent job
Saurabh - -100% Excelent job
shailesh - -100% Excelent job
shikha -  -100% Excelent job
shweta -0 absent
sonali - -100% Excelent job
sumit - -100% Excelent job
sunil - -100% Excelent job
sushil -100% Excelent job
swayam -100% Excelent job
vaibhav --100% Excelent job
vaishali --100% Excelent job
vidya --100% Excelent job
vijay --100% Excelent job
vindodini -100% Excelent job

